["Doo Wop (That Thing)"
by Lauryn Hill playing]
♪ If ya feel real good
Wave your hands in the air ♪
-♪ And lick two shots in the atmosphere ♪
-♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
-♪ Yeah, put 'em up, put 'em up ♪
-♪ A-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ A-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ It's been three weeks
Since you were looking for your friend ♪
♪ The one you let hit it
And never called you again ♪
♪ 'Member when he told you
He was 'bout the Benjamins? ♪
♪ You act like you ain't hear him
Then give him a little trim… ♪
-[cell phone ringing]
-♪ How you really gon' pretend ♪
-♪ Like you wasn't down… ♪
-[ringing]
-[keypad beeps]
-[Matt] Hello?
[man over phone] Okay.
We got confirmation from MI6.
The target is in play.
-You guys are on.
-Alright.
-♪ A win-win, come again, yeah ♪
-♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
-♪ Guys, you know you'd better watch… ♪
-[knocking]
[Matt] Hey, babe.
We got the call. You ready?
-For real. We running late. We gotta go.
-[Emily] Yeah. Be right there.
[Matt] That's what you said
five minutes ago.
I just need a minute.
[Matt] Girl, I know you. That's how
you say it when it's 20 minutes.
Okay, look, I'mma pull the car around.
♪ That thing ♪
♪ The second verse
Is dedicated to the man ♪
♪ More concerned with his rims
And his Timbs than his women ♪
♪ Him and his men
Come in the club like hooligans ♪
♪ Don't care who they offend
Poppin' yang ♪
♪ Let's stop pretending the ones
That pack pistols by they waist ♪
♪ Cristal by the case men
Still in they mother's basement ♪
♪ The pretty face men
Claiming that they be the big men ♪
-♪ Need to take care of they… ♪
-[music stops]
Oh no, no.
-Hmm?
-It's a kids' party.
So maybe I should, uh…
[tense music playing]
-Both of 'em.
-Yeah?
[sucks teeth, sighs]
And… this.
Oh Matt. Nice car.
You do realize there's a limit
on your expense accounts, don't you?
Can't cut corners
when you're living your cover, Chuck.
-Ain't that what you taught us?
-[woman] Remember Macau?
I saw you lose half a million dollars
just to get in good with the Triads.
[Chuck] I'll tell you what.
You pull this one off,
I'll let you keep the car.
Really?
-No.
-I didn't think so.
Today, you're gonna be
French arms brokers.
The real Mr. and Mrs. Lemieux
are… indisposed.
Focus up, you two. Here we go.
Balthazar Gor, former KGB,
now head of the Volka
and one of the most dangerous terrorists
in Eastern Europe.
This may be his kid's birthday party,
but do not take him lightly.
I need you to blend in.
See if you can find him.
We can't spot him on our cameras.
Look at this.
All this for an eight-year-old?
There's no way this kid
doesn't turn out to be an asshole.
[woman] There's more than one way
to screw up a kid.
Zoom in. Right there.
Oh, you guys gotta be kidding me.
-What?
-What is it?
I knew it was dangerous introducing you.
You're sleeping together, aren't you?
I mean, we're just playing our parts
for the mission.
Tradecraft 101. Come on now, Chuck.
If you get captured today,
you'd better lie better than that.
We can handle it. You know us.
[music fades]
[tense music resumes]
-We have eyes on Gor.
-You know what to do. Close him.
Mescal with a twist.
Hello. I'm Mélodie Lemieux.
I just want to tell you
what a beautiful home you have.
My name is Gor.
Balthazar Gor.
It's really great to meet you.
Pleasure to meet you.
-[indistinct whispering]
-Oh.
-Well then, enjoy the party.
-Thank you.
Voice and print acquired.
Well done, you two.
Now the safe. Upstairs. Gor's office.
["L-O-V-E" by Nat King Cole playing]
♪ L is for the way you look at me ♪
♪ O is for the only one I see… ♪
Alright. Let's make sure
that print transferred.
♪ …very, very extraordinary… ♪
[whirring, beep]
♪ E is even more… ♪
[Gor's voice] Balthazar Gor.
♪ …one that you adore… ♪
-Device is in hand.
-[Chuck] Excellent.
-What is this thing?
-Heard of an ICS key?
-A what key?
-[Chuck] Industrial control systems.
This is a master key
for some of the world's
most critical infrastructure.
Power plants, dams, nuclear reactors.
Gor could use it
to trigger another Chernobyl.
-We get it. It's bad.
-[beeping]
[alarm blaring]
[music continues]
-[roars]
-[both grunting]
♪ And love is all that I can… ♪
East stair exit, guys.
Move it.
♪ Love is more than just a game for two ♪
-[man yells]
-[grunts]
♪ Two in love can take it ♪
♪ Take my heart
And please don't break it… ♪
[Chuck] Great job.
Now get to the rendezvous point.
Baron Andrews from MI6
will meet you there.
And, uh, Emily,
uh, don't mention the Key to Baron.
I know you two have history, but, uh…
we don't trust anyone on this, huh?
[music crescendoes]
[music ends]
[uneasy music playing]
[vehicle approaching]
-Emily.
-Baron.
Thank God you're okay. I was worried sick.
-Sick, huh? Yeah, you look a little pale.
-Matt.
So, Emily, when are you gonna
come back to England
and join a proper
intelligence service, huh?
-When they start hiring proper agents.
-[chuckles]
Yeah, well, when it comes
to being a travel agent,
you're knocking this out the park, huh?
[Baron] Yes, courtesy of MI6.
Try not to scratch it.
I know you Americans
can be a little rough.
I don't take that as a dig.
Sorry, did I touch a nerve?
Are you… are you jealous?
-Jealous of what?
-I don't know. I can just detect jealousy.
-Is it the accent?
-No, it's not the accent.
It's your personality, actually,
but the accent ain't helping.
You guys would make such a cute couple.
Enjoy your trip, Emily.
-Always lovely to see you.
-Uh-huh.
Here's your key.
[in mock British accent]
Try not to scratch it. Cheerio.
-Right-o, guv'nor. Pardon me, blueberries.
-What a terrible impression.
Welcome aboard. I'm Dylan.
Uh, can I take your bags for you?
Oh, no, thanks. But, uh, drinks.
Got some champagne?
-Of course.
-[Matt] Great.
Actually, I'm good. None for me, thanks.
No champagne?
-No.
-[Matt] Really?
Usually, we toast after we do our thing.
[Emily] Yeah, but, you know,
with altitude and dehydration,
I'm just not, you know,
feeling champagne right now, y'know?
Okay. Now I know something's up.
[plane engine gearing up]
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
I don't know what it is,
but I know something's going on with you.
I'm pregnant.
[sputters] Do what now?
And you're the dad.
Well… I… I… I figured I'm the dad, but I--
-You're not seeing nobody else, are you?
-No. Are you seeing somebody else?
No! Ain't seeing nobody else.
But are you…
You sure you're pregnant?
Pretty sure.
Wow. That's a royal flush
of… pregnancy tests.
I peed all over those, so…
[pensive music playing softly]
Look, I don't know
what you're thinking, um,
but, you know…
I know we haven't been
together that long, so…
I'm in.
What?
I said I'm in.
All the way in.
My favorite person is about to create
my new favorite person.
I'm in.
-You always say the right things.
-Because it's true.
As a matter of fact, D, champagne!
Bring the bottle. I'm drinking for two.
[uplifting music playing]
About to have a baby, man.
Congratulations to you both.
That is great news.
[Matt chuckles]
Are you sure you're okay with this?
Because I know from personal experience
that kids don't really mix well
with this line of work.
Well, I know from personal experience
how it feels to not have a family.
It's all I ever wanted.
Me too.
-[retches]
-Wh-- What?
[heaves]
What? Is… is it my breath?
-You okay?
-[heaving] I just, uh…
[heaves] I have to go
splash some water on my face.
[breathes shakily]
-[handle rattles]
-I'm sorry. The bathroom's out of order.
It's an 11-hour flight.
I am sorry.
[uneasy music playing]
Matt, the bathroom's out of order.
[music pulsing]
[Emily grunts]
-[Dylan] Ah-ah.
-Get away from her.
We want the Key.
Alright.
[rummaging]
It's right here. Let her go.
[music builds]
["Ain't That a Kick in the Head"
by Dean Martin playing]
[Emily grunting]
-[Dylan grunts]
-[Matt yells]
♪ How lucky can one guy be? ♪
♪ I kissed her, and she kissed me ♪
♪ Like the fella once said… ♪
-[both grunting]
-♪ Ain't that a kick in the head ♪
♪ The room was completely black ♪
♪ I hugged her, and she hugged back… ♪
-Em!
-[gasps, grunts]
♪ "Ain't that a hole in the boat?" ♪
[grunting]
-♪ My head keeps spinning… ♪
-[pained yell]
♪ I go to sleep and keep grinning ♪
♪ If this is just the beginning ♪
-♪ My life is gonna be beautiful… ♪
-[grunting, yelling]
♪ I've sunshine enough to spread ♪
♪ It's just like the fella said ♪
♪ Tell me quick ♪
♪ Ain't love a kick ♪
♪ In the head? ♪
-♪ My head keeps spinning… ♪
-[Emily grunts]
♪ I go to sleep and keep grinning… ♪
-[Emily yells]
-♪ If this is just the beginning ♪
-♪ My life is gonna be… ♪
-[Dylan grunts]
♪ Beautiful… ♪
-[alert beeping]
-♪ She's telling me we'll be wed ♪
♪ She's picked out a king-size bed… ♪
[grunting]
♪ Tell me quick ♪
[alert beeping]
♪ Oh, ain't love a kick ♪
♪ Tell me quick ♪
♪ Ain't love a kick ♪
♪ In the head? ♪
-[music ends]
-[chuckles]
[tense, dramatic music playing]
[grunts, strained yelling]
[both scream]
[Matt grunting]
[determined yelling]
-[grunts]
-[man screams]
[music intensifies]
-[ominous orchestral music plays]
-[avalanche rumbling]
[tense, dramatic music resumes]
-What are you doing?
-There's only one.
-No!
-Em, we don't have time!
You take care of that baby.
-[Emily grunts]
-Em, what you doing?
[music crescendoes, ends]
[hopeful music soaring]
Don't let go.
You don't let go.
All right, I won't.
[Matt] See that clearing down there?
-[Emily] Okay, hold on!
-I'm holding.
[Emily grunts]
-[triumphant yell]
-[Emily gasps]
[both yelling]
[Emily] Oh my God, we made it.
Okay, hurry up.
[somber music playing]
-[pained grunting]
-[Emily] What is it? You okay?
[Matt] Couple of broken ribs,
but that's not it though.
Look, Em, we cannot keep doing this,
especially with that baby on the way.
[Emily] Okay, so… what?
We get out and… go civilian?
They knew we was on that plane.
We've been compromised.
So what? We… we go off the grid?
Well… everybody's gonna think
we died in that crash, right?
-Yeah.
-So that gives us a chance to disappear.
Yep, we start over. We're gonna have to
cut off contact with everyone.
I can do that. I don't have anybody.
-I mean, you got your mother.
-[chuckles]
-[Matt] You gotta cut her off too.
-Yeah.
That's not a loss.
What about Chuck?
He's our friend. This is our family.
He'll understand.
We just leave behind
everything we've worked for?
Our careers, our lives,
everything we've ever known?
That's correct.
Because everything just changed.
You know that if I didn't have
superior inner thigh strength,
you would be dead, right?
Your inner thighs saved my life.
And we didn't die.
-So are we really gonna do this?
-Hell yeah, we gon' do this.
Look, I don't know where we're gonna go.
I don't know what we're gonna do, but…
We'll figure it out.
I'm in if you in.
I'm all the way in.
-We better get out of here.
-Let's go.
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
[Matt] Bae, somebody tell me
what day it is, girl!
The day my man brings it all home.
[both] Game day! Ugh!
-[Matt] Listen.
-What?
If we win this playoff game…
I'mma tell you something,
I'm not saying it's due to my coaching.
-But I think it might be…
-All due to your coaching. That's right.
Like my sexy coaching?
Know what they say about my soccer game?
-Tell me.
-It's Messi.
-Oh my goodness. [chuckles]
-Mm-mm!
-[phone alarm rings]
-Oh damn it.
They're gonna be late again.
[shouts] Alice! Leo! Breakfast!
-[video game music playing]
-[Emily] Leo, off the video game now!
Of course she knew.
Alice, let's go!
-Let's go, let's go, let's go!
-Still brushing my teeth.
She's brushing her teeth for 20 minutes?
She's on her stupid phone.
I told you, if you're mad about the phone,
take that thing away from her.
-You take the phone away.
-Mm-mm. I'm scared of her.
I know. It's terrifying, right?
Especially that look she gives…
-[Emily] Alice, your teeth are clean!
-I'm coming!
Remember when she used to like us?
I don't remember that.
It was a long time ago.
Mm. Maybe I should bring back
Monday movie nights with Mom.
-[groans doubtfully]
-You know, that's kind of a good idea.
-We could watch Creed. Creed II.
-Mm.
-That's a lot of baby oil. You sure--
-Is it though?
What… what'd you and your mom do,
you know, when you was 14?
When I was 14? Gosh.
Well, my mom was deployed to Beirut
and forgot to tell me, so…
Right. Bad example.
-Yeah, it's a really different childhood.
-[video game chimes]
What's up, bud? You good?
[Leo] Yeah.
So were you playing video games
last night after lights-out?
No. [chuckles]
Yes. Okay, I'm sorry.
I shook you too fast, baby. You had me.
Don't be so shook so quick, all right?
Work on that.
Wait, what're you mad about again?
-[muttering indistinctly]
-No, please don't encourage him to lie.
Why not? You guys lie all the time.
-Excuse me? What?
-What'd you say, little lady?
The other day, Dad, I heard you
talking to the AC guy in Russian.
-What was that all about?
-That was Bobby Brown.
That's my prerogative.
That's what that was about.
-You speak Russian?
-I dabble. You know, like, uh… uh… uh…
"Do svidaniya," or "Sputnik," "Gorbachev."
You know, white Russian.
But you were talking
about the air conditioning system.
You know, your dad and I,
we picked up some basic Russian
while there during the Peace Corps.
I thought you did Peace Corps in Colombia.
-Where you met.
-[Matt] Where we met?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. We met where we met.
-Mm-hmm, Colombia.
-[Matt] Mm-hmm.
-We went from Colombia to Russia.
-[Matt] Colombia to Belize.
-Okay.
-I Belize it's next to Colombia.
[Emily] Yeah. Exactly.
-Colombia, Belize, Russia.
-[Matt] Yeah.
You know, we got around.
Peace doesn't just happen.
And… and… and not only that.
-Kushay zavtrak.
-Huh?
-What does that mean?
-It means…
[both] "Eat your breakfast."
[Emily sighs] I've got
a couple of appointments this afternoon.
-Can you grab the dry cleaning for me?
-[Matt] Alright.
[Emily] We've gotta do a Costco run.
We are out of so many things.
[Matt] Okay.
Whoa. You shouldn't be drinking
Diet Coke this early in the morning.
I'm pretty sure Diet Coke blocks cancer.
-Where'd you get that from?
-Give me that.
It's not available to you right now.
Hey. Can you take those off?
-What?
-I wouldn't.
-[muffled music through headphones]
-[Emily] Hmm.
What are you listening to?
-[music pauses]
-You wouldn't know it.
[chuckles] Got me. Probably wouldn't.
Um, I was just wondering if you…
had any plans after the game tonight.
Why?
I just thought you might want
to invite some friends over,
and we can make mocktails,
and we could catch up
on all the juicy gossip.
I'm studying at Annalise's tonight.
-Strike two.
-Right. Of course.
You love… [chuckles] …studying.
Well, Monday is really open for me.
Thought we could do, like, movie night?
-I'm good.
-[Emily] Really?
-You… you're good? You sure?
-[beep]
-[music resumes]
-Okay.
[scoffs softly]
I'll do movie night with you.
-[Emily] You will?
-Of course.
-Even Creed III?
-To help, I'll put some baby oil on.
Like, uh… like Michael B.
You know what I'm saying?
All right, we are here.
Alright, honey.
Well, have a great day at school.
No, I love you more!
Hey, Leo, don't forget
that we have late pickup today, okay?
[groans softly] What're you doing,
wearing that again?
Uh, I mean, it's awesome.
Tracks my sleep patterns, my O2 intake,
even my blood pressure.
You're 12 years old.
You don't have blood pressure.
It's a little big for your fingers,
isn't it?
That's why I wear it on my thumb.
Okay, how about tomorrow we get outside?
You know, throw the football around?
Haven't you heard about CTE?
We're playing catch.
You know I used to play, right?
Yeah. You should probably
get yourself checked out.
[Emily chuckling] Ooh! Burn!
[chuckles, gasps]
[Matt] Don't know about CTE.
I'll show him some CTE.
-Do you see that?
-See what?
She's with that boy again.
-Where'd you get those?
-Amazon.
Give her her space, babe.
No, she's with him again. She's--
They're holding hands today.
[gasps]
-They just kissed.
-What?
Kissin'?
What 14-year-old has a mustache?
His name is James, and he's 16.
-Oh, hell no!
-God. I've never seen them kiss before.
-Where'd you get those?
-What do you mean? Amazon.
[sighs] You got mad
when I got a new leaf blower.
-[ringing]
-Can't believe-- [gasps]
Shit. What do we do? Oh, it's her.
-You gotta answer.
-[Emily] She saw us.
-[Matt] Decline it. She'll never know.
-Wait. Put those down.
[Matt] Shit. Gotta answer it.
[Emily] Hey, honey!
-Mom?
-Did you forget something?
-What are you guys doing?
-Uh…
That is so creepy. Are those binoculars?
Yeah, well, your mama was creepy first.
You guys actually need a life.
Like, seriously.
I'll be home after I'm done
studying at Annalise's. Bye.
-Okay.
-[disconnect tone]
I told you, you gotta
take that phone away from her.
[school bell rings]
Gotta be more discreet.
[furtive music playing]
[Emily] I mean, really? "Get a life?"
This is my life.
I mean, what does that actually mean?
She doesn't even know what it means.
All day long, all I do is your life.
You know what?
If I got a life, what would you do?
"Mom, where are you?"
"I need to go here. I need to go there."
"Don't look at me.
Stay out of my room. Get me food."
Teenagers. It's just like one day,
and then the next.
They say that they will break your will,
but she will not break mine.
-[sighs] Oh God.
-[chime]
[automated voice] I did not understand.
Could you repeat?
You know what? That's so creepy, Alexa.
Mind your own business.
[Alexa] Can I recommend a meditation app?
[notification plops]
[intriguing music playing]
[music fades]
[grunts softly]
[woman talking indistinctly on TV]
[Emily sighs]
[notifications whoosh]
[intriguing music continues]
[typing]
[bong]
[sighs]
-[slaps thighs]
-[notification plops]
[notification plops]
[intriguing music resumes]
Okay.
[typing]
One more time. That's it.
[bong]
-Whatever. Okay. That's fine.
-[music fades]
[sticker peeling]
[gasps]
-[Matt] What are you doing?
-Oh, hey! What? Oh God.
[Matt] Hmm?
-[sighs] Nothing.
-Don't look like nothing.
-It's Alice.
-Alice?
She's lying to us.
She's not at Annalise's studying.
This is why we should be
watching our children all of the time,
you know, like other parents do.
Well, we're not like every other parent
in the world. We've discussed this.
[whispers] But we are literally spies.
That is what we do.
That's what we did.
To terrorists and warlords,
not our children.
-Yeah, but look. This just felt like--
-I don't wanna look at it.
It just opened up right here.
What… what is that?
What? "Mom sux."
Hmm. She spelled it wrong.
That's what you get. "Mom sux."
I don't wanna see it.
-Let me try this.
-[keyboard clacking]
[inhaling sharply]
Remember, curiosity killed the cat.
Well then, RIP, kitty.
-Ah, there you go.
-That's what you get.
Shouldn't be snooping.
Well, you know, seems like
that's her anthem these days.
-[notification bongs]
-What is… Look at that.
-[uneasy music playing]
-[Emily sighs] What is that?
-Chemical Apocalypse?
Did you say, "Chemical Apocalypse"?
I didn't think they were doing it again
after what happened last year.
What happened last year?
I don't know.
I think it had something to do
with a girl named Molly?
[music intensifies]
Are you kidding me? Look at this.
She's downtown at Adams and Piedmont.
She should've turned
location services off.
Feels like cheating.
[phone beeps]
It's a club!
-A club?
-Yes!
["Crazy" by Doechii playing]
Here we go.
-It's looking lively in here.
-Are you trying to make this worse?
-What? We haven't been out in a minute.
-Yeah, but we're not out. Our daughter is.
Come on. Can't we have just a little fun?
You know what I mean?
♪ Y'all calling me crazy ♪
♪ When a bitch been ballin' all day
Like Brady ♪
♪ Long hair, this wavy ♪
♪ And a bitch been shoppin' all day
No Macy's… ♪
-[man] Come on!
-[group] Yeah!
-[Matt] Excuse me. Coming through.
-Excuse me.
Oh my gosh.
♪ Crazy, got 'em goin' crazy ♪
♪ None of these hatin' ass bitches
Gon' phase me ♪
♪ I got 'em goin' crazy ♪
♪ Y'all gonna go crazy ♪
-♪ None of these bitches gon' phase me ♪
-♪ Huh, huh… ♪
Can I get a Harvey Wallbanger?
♪ Then I ball like Spalding ♪
-♪ Can't call my bluff… ♪
-[giggling]
♪ Won't duck, bitch, I'm all in… ♪
[crowd cheering]
[music fades]
♪ It's a whole lot of big blue checks
No login ♪
♪ Low stress, no stallin' ♪
♪ See a whole lotta big Buguettes
When I fall in… ♪
She's up there.
Alice Amelia Reynolds, let's go.
Now.
-But I wasn't even--
-Not one word.
You neither, 'Stache.
You and your fuzzy lip.
-[man 1 snickering]
-Let's go.
Why can't I stay?
Their parents don't care.
-Maybe their parents don't love them.
-[gasps]
I don't know. Let's go.
Alice, you can't leave so soon.
Party's just getting started.
Get your stuff, and let's go.
Let's go.
What is the cable broken?
Is that why you boomers are out this late?
-Say hi, boomers.
-[video recorder beeps]
[chuckles]
"Boomers"?
Yes, Karen, boomers.
[snickers]
"Karen"?
Guys, listen. Give us some room, okay?
And, uh, we're just gonna head on out.
[laughs] Yeah,
what are you gonna do about it?
I don't think you heard me.
I said, "Guys, just give us some room."
So I can take my underage daughter
out the club!
-Dad!
-She looks old enough to me.
-Okay, just relax, okay? Let's go.
-[man 2 laughs]
It's over.
[man 2] Not so fast.
[hip-hop music playing]
-[choked grunt]
-[tense sting]
[man 2 grunting]
-[Emily grunts]
-[dramatic music playing]
[man 1 grunts]
[Emily grunting]
[man 2 grunts, yells]
-[hip-hop music playing]
-[man 2 yells]
-[music stops]
-[clubbers scream]
[woman] Oh, don't touch him!
-[clubbers screaming]
-[man 2 groaning]
-Damn.
-I can't breathe. [whimpers]
-[tense music plays]
-It just happened so fast.
-It's not that bad, right?
-Oh!
And we're not boomers, okay?
We're Gen X, if anything.
We're kind of like on the bubble.
In between generations.
Let's go. Let's get out of here.
[tense music continues]
[music fades out]
All right. How'd you get in?
-Fake ID?
-No.
So they just let 14-year-olds
into this club?
Okay, fine, yes. I have a fake ID,
but I just use it to go dancing.
Who put you up to this, huh? Peach Fuzz?
His name is James. And you just
don't like him because he's white.
-What? Your mother's white.
-[Emily] What? Uh!
And besides, this is not about James.
-This is about you.
-[Matt] Yes.
You're just upset because I'm trying
to live my life and not yours.
-What? [scoffs]
-Please!
How did you guys even find me?
[tense music plays]
[Alice] Hello?
-Uh, "Mom sux." S-U-X?
-[Matt] Mm!
[Emily] Not a very difficult password.
You broke into my laptop,
and you read my texts?
Your texts? They're our texts.
-That's not your phone. That is our phone.
-[Emily] That's right.
And when you get back,
you're gonna be grounded in our house.
-Ugh! This is why I'm getting my GED.
-[Emily] Getting your what?
[Alice] So I can graduate early
and go to college far away.
[Matt] Well, joke's on you
'cause we ain't paying for that shit.
[Alice] Are we not gonna
talk about what happened?
Because it looked like
you kicked the shit out of those guys.
And one of them was cute.
[both] Language!
Language? You really wanna talk
about language right now?
How did you guys
even learn how to do that?
Your father and I
took a couple of tae kwon do classes.
"A couple of tae kwon do classes"?
When? When you were doing
Peace Corps in Japan?
We never said Japan.
Actually, tae kwon do
is a Korean martial art.
And you'd be surprised
how much you can pick up
in just a couple of classes.
You really expect me to believe that?
You guys are being so fake right now.
-Uh, we're fake?
-[Matt] Fake?
Okay, Miss Fake ID.
I can't even with you right now.
Oh, you "can't even" with us right now?
Well, you're grounded,
so try "can't not even-ing" with that.
Yeah, now that didn't make sense,
what she said,
but do you wanna mess with her
after what she did to them human beings?
[Alice] Ugh! I can't stand you!
[Emily] That was nuts, right?
It was crazy. That was insane.
But was it a bad insane,
like we shouldn't have done it,
or, like, maybe a good insane,
like it was the most alive
we've felt in a really long time?
-It was bad.
-Bad.
-Yeah.
-Right. I was just checking.
What's on your mind, Em?
[Emily sighs]
Okay, you know that I love our life.
-Right?
-But?
I don't know. It's just, like, tonight,
something clicked, you know?
Like, for the first time
in, like, a really long time,
I just… I felt needed.
You're needed, just in a different way.
Hey, mouth breather,
did you tell Mom and Dad where I was?
-Like I care about your social life.
-At least I have one.
Not anymore you don't.
You're gonna be grounded for so long,
I might have a prom date before you.
Don't you even fantasize about
just popping down to South America?
-No.
-Stopping a coup?
-Or starting a coup?
-No.
Either way. I mean, just some
good old-fashioned "coup-ing."
I don't wanna do no "coup-ing."
We got out for a reason, okay?
-It's because we wanna protect our kids.
-You're right.
She found your passwords
literally on your computer.
-They were hidden.
-Clearly not hidden well enough.
If they spy on me,
they're gonna spy on you too.
I'd like to see them try. All of my stuff
requires two-factor authentication.
God, you are such a nerd.
A nerd whose parents can't spy on him.
You know what I need?
God, I need to feel alive again.
-I need to feel, like, the pulsing.
-Babe.
To feel like "that bitch" again.
-Know what I'm talking about?
-Babe. Babe, babe, babe, babe.
["Love T.K.O." by Teddy Pendergrass plays]
I know what you need.
-It's all pent-up, ain't it?
-Mm. It is. It really is.
Yes. I know what we… both need.
-[Matt and Emily grunting]
-[muffled thumping]
Oh my God. They are too much.
Ew!
Gross.
[Matt] Get it. [grunts] Come on!
♪ Over my years
I guess I've shedded some tears… ♪
[Matt grunts] Come on!
-[grunts] One more.
-[grunts]
One more!
-[Matt yells]
[both panting]
[Emily chuckles]
♪ Takes a fool to lose twice… ♪
-You feel better?
-Yeah.
A little.
♪ Think I'd better let it go… ♪
I'm definitely… gonna need a shower.
You coming?
I'm dirty.
-[music ends]
-[birds chirping]
-[Emily] Kids get to school okay?
-Affirmative.
-You expecting somebody?
-[Emily] Nope. Not me.
[high-pitched] Chuck? [laughs delightedly]
What up, baby? Blast from the past.
Matt, how you been?
Hey, I… I'm good. Uh…
How you find us?
-[man screams]
-[clubbers scream]
[Matt] Ah. Yeah.
"Boomers wreck dance party."
We're not really boomers though.
[Emily] Is that Chuck?
-[Matt] It is. Can you believe it?
-Hey, Em. [chuckles]
-[Emily] Uh…
-[Chuck] Oh!
Boy, you look great.
You really do. Uh, you both do.
Come on in.
-No. We don't have time for that.
-Wait. What?
If I found you this easily,
your enemies are not gonna be far behind.
Chuck, come on, man.
That was 15 years ago.
Yeah. We don't have enemies.
I sell custom puzzles on Etsy.
-We do Wordle.
-What would anyone still want with us?
The ICS key.
That was…
that was lost in the plane crash.
We searched the crash site.
We couldn't find it anywhere.
We did find the case,
a bunch of dead Belarusian terrorists,
but no drive.
That is crazy.
You remember Baron Andrews from MI6?
-Of course.
-Yeah, little pasty white dude.
Looks unathletic.
Yeah. What about him?
He's the one that set up the jet.
I think that he sold you out
to the Belarusians.
-That sounds on point.
-Really? Baron?
I have solid intel.
He is working with Gor now,
and they are coming after you and the Key.
-No, because we don't have the Key.
-Yeah. We ain't got that.
That doesn't matter.
When the CIA find out that you're alive,
they're gonna arrest you.
We need to get you outta here now.
You and your--
[gunshot]
[Matt] Chuck!
[dramatic music playing]
[tires squealing]
[shooter] Go, go, go!
[rapid gunfire]
[indistinct yelling]
[Matt grunts]
Dammit! If they found us this fast,
do you know what that means?
-The kids.
-Yeah.
-[Emily] Come on!
-Let's go.
[dramatic music continues]
[Matt] Get down.
[gunfire continues]
-[shooter 2] Move in!
-[shooter 3] Garage! Move!
[bullets ricocheting]
[tires screech]
[suspenseful music building]
[music fades]
-Now!
-[tires squeal]
[dramatic music resumes]
[gunfire]
[shooter 4] Go!
[tires screeching]
Go, go, go, go, go!
[tires squealing]
[gun cocks]
Chuck! What a nightmare!
There's gotta be a way
that we can prove we don't have the Key.
-Babe, I got something to tell you.
-What?
-Promise not to be mad?
-I don't promise shit.
-I took the Key.
-What?
I didn't want it
to fall into the wrong hands.
-Go left!
-[tires screeching]
Yeah.
[woman screams]
What do you have against lawn furniture?
You ain't gotta hit everything.
Been a long time since I've done this.
Maybe you're distracted because
your old boyfriend is trying to kill us.
We went on one date. Let it go.
And he talked about Manchester United
the entire time.
So you admit it!
It was a date. Go left, left, left!
[tires screeching]
[Emily] What were you thinking?
Look, we needed an insurance policy,
just in case our cover was blown.
-Well, it's blown.
-[women scream]
-[tires screeching]
-[car horn blares]
-So where is it?
-It's in England.
-Okay.
-At Foxhunter's.
-My mother's house?
-Her house is always protected.
Yeah, that's because
so many people wanna kill her.
We can't go into hiding again.
We have kids.
Let's go to the CIA. They'll protect us.
Not without the Key. We get the Key,
then leverage it for immunity.
Then we get the agency to protect us.
It's not a big deal.
Not a big deal?
You stole a cyberterrorist weapon,
you hid it at my estranged mother's house,
and you lied about it for 15 years.
Well, when you put it all together
like that, it sounds bad. Go right!
[tires squealing]
[dramatic music continues]
[Emily yelps]
-He's reloading.
-Wait.
[clacking]
His gun is jammed.
[uneasy, suspenseful music building]
-[tires screeching]
-[dramatic music resumes]
[car engine revs]
[tires screech]
[Emily grunts]
[music fades]
[both] Oh…
[both laugh delightedly]
[Emily] Whoo!
[Matt] Whoo.
[uneasy music playing]
-[teens chatter indistinctly]
-Hey, guys.
-[Annalise] Alice, try the drink.
-I really don't think I'm gonna like it.
-[tires screech]
-It's gonna be nasty.
[students gasping, murmuring]
[boy 1] Dude!
Are you kidding me?
-[Matt] Come on.
-We gotta ditch this van.
Look. I'm already ahead of you.
I got Shane. He's got a gray Prius.
-He's gonna meet us at the north exit.
-Okay.
Hey, kids. Early pickup today.
-What?
-You two, let's go.
What's going on?
You haven't eaten any of your lunch,
that's what's going on.
Take this sandwich.
Put it in your pocket. Let's go.
-[Matt] Gotta eat, son.
-Why are you so freaked out?
-I'm not freaked out. You're freaked out.
-Mom--
-What happened to our car?
-Long story short, don't valet.
-[Alice] Wait. Where are we going?
-On a little trip.
[Matt] Don't ask where you're going.
You just go.
[indistinct announcement over PA]
-[Alice] We're going to England?
-That's right. Jolly old England.
What about school?
And what about soccer?
We're in the playoffs.
School and, uh, soccer is, uh… is, uh…
I think… I think they discontinued it.
What?
I think now we just have to accept
that maybe our magical season is over.
Yeah. I'm sorry, honey.
Mom, why are we going to England?
That's a good question. Yeah.
Um, because we're going
to go visit your grandmother.
What?
[both] We have a grandmother?
Yeah. Fun surprise, right?
Look… [sighs]
…I know it's really hard to understand.
And I am really sorry.
But my mother was not someone
I wanted in your lives, okay?
She was barely even in mine.
-You said she was dead.
-[Matt] Mm.
-No, I didn't say she was dead.
-No, you said she was dead.
There's different ways to interpret death.
I mean, sometimes it felt that way,
but I don't know,
she was really cold and distant,
and she sent me off to boarding school
as soon as she could, so…
Oh. Sounds pretty good to me.
Look, I think we realize
we made a mistake.
-You should meet her before it's too late.
-Yeah.
-She's dying?
-No, no.
I mean, yeah.
Eventually, we're all gonna die.
We could die on this flight.
-What?
-Matt.
Bad choice of words.
But she isn't… she's not dying.
So look, if we're acting weird
or stressed out,
it's just because
that's the way she makes us feel.
[zipper closing]
Me. That's how she makes me feel.
Anyhow, does that make sense?
-Yeah.
-[Emily] Yeah? Okay. Good.
-It does?
No, obviously not.
I lied about going to a club
and got grounded,
and you lied about having a living mom.
-None of this makes sense!
-Young lady, your tone and that volume.
Okay. You're right. You know what?
I owe you an explanation.
But I can't do it here.
Not right now, okay?
-[Leo] Mom.
-Yeah?
-I don't feel too well.
-Oh, honey, what's going on?
I think I might be airsick.
We're not in the air yet though.
-[woman] Next.
-Let's get…
Let's get through TSA first, okay?
Come on.
[attendant] The captain has turned on
the fasten seat belt sign. Please return…
-Hey.
-Yeah?
I checked the plane. Everything's clear.
-Nobody followed us.
-Okay.
What is it?
[whispering] I mean, is this the time?
Do we tell them?
This is exactly when we do not tell them.
Em, we've been
keeping this a secret for 15 years.
-Yeah.
-Two extra days won't hurt.
You're right. You know what?
This lie keeps them safe.
Yeah. And good parents lie all the time.
"Your recital was great."
[chuckles]
Right? Of course.
"We can't go to Disneyland this month
because it's closed."
Love that one.
"Your parents don't have tattoos."
-"If you smoke pot, you get diarrhea."
-[exhales sharply]
-"Algebra. We use it every day."
-"…every day."
-"Pi equals MC bullshit."
-[chuckles]
Look, we're doing a great job.
That's how you raise
great, well-rounded kids.
-Yeah.
-By lying straight to their face.
-Thanks for that reassurance.
-Mm.
[intercom bongs]
[attendant] In a few moments,
our flight attendants will be passing…
[Matt] Hey, hey, good morning.
Glad you guys got a little rest.
Oh, I told you those neck pillows
look stupid, but they work.
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct announcement over PA]
-[agent] Passports, please.
-Here you go.
-Hello, love.
-[Emily] Hello.
[agent] The Baker family.
[soft beeping]
[Matt sighs]
-Thank you, Mrs. Baker.
-Thank you.
Okay, guys. It's that way. Exit.
Keep moving.
[suspenseful music continues]
Come on. Come on. We're gonna
get on that bus right there. Go, go.
[automated voice] Next stop,
long-term parking.
[sirens wailing]
[tires screech]
[tense music playing]
[woman sighs]
[tense music continues]
Ah, well, looks like, uh,
this is our stop. Alright?
Why won't you admit that this is weird?
Sometimes things are good weird,
like how we can still listen
to Michael Jackson.
Come on now. Stay together. Stay together.
[cell phone ringing]
-[in Polish] This is Gor.
-[henchman] They're here.
Heathrow. Lot G.
Okay.
Keep me posted.
[uneasy music playing]
[in English] Oh! Pardon me.
So sorry.
Okay, here we are.
What do you think?
[intriguing music plays]
It's a parking lot.
Yes.
-Where's he going?
-He's going to get our rental car.
[brakes squeal]
This is our rental car?
Yep. Get in.
[suspenseful music playing]
Yeah, I remember them.
Good-looking family. Dad was proper fit.
No need to editorialize, Officer,
thank you.
[computer whirring]
I can see why you've been trying
to find her for 15 years.
I haven't been trying
I've been trying to find the ICS key.
Can you focus on the job, please.
They can't have come out
of hiding for nothing.
They're gonna know how to stay invisible.
Yeah.
The kids.
Focus on the kids.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
[soft beeping]
We'll need a full CCTV sweep
of the airport.
Cell phones, digital fingerprints.
They can't stay invisible for long.
[music builds]
[music fades]
Gross.
Ugh.
-This is disgusting.
-What brand are these cigarettes?
-[Matt] Hmm?
-[Emily] Uh…
Is this a lighter?
Hey, give me that.
You know, we're in Europe now, guys.
Things are just a little different.
[Emily sighs]
Do you know if the car at least has Wi-Fi?
Uh, no. No, it doesn't.
Uh, no Internet on this trip.
As a matter of fact, those phones,
why don't you give those to your mom?
-[both] What?
-[Matt] Get off the grid.
That way, I don't have to worry about
paying roaming costs, things like that.
You know, maybe get you a local SIM card.
-You can't be serious.
-Deadass.
My hand's getting tired here, guys.
-Come on.
-[Alice groans]
Thank you.
Leo!
Detach.
-What are we supposed to do now?
-What do you mean?
-[chuckles]
-[sputters] Just talk to your sister.
Get to know each other. You know,
"How you been? What's happening?"
"How you like England?"
You're on a whole different continent.
We just passed a Costco.
Well, I wouldn't knock Costco.
That's a half a day well spent.
-Here. Let's put a little…
-["Push It!" playing]
-[Matt] Little music.
-…music.
-[Matt] This is good music right here.
-No.
♪ Salt-N-Pepa's here
And we're in effect ♪
♪ Want you to push it back ♪
♪ Coolin' by day, then at night
Workin' up a sweat… ♪
You're kidding.
[Emily] ♪ Guys how we know ♪
[Matt joins in] ♪ How to become number one
In a hot party show ♪
♪ Now push it ♪
♪ Ah, push it ♪
Push it.
[both] ♪ Push it good ♪
♪ Ah, push it ♪
♪ Pu-push it real good! ♪
[alert dinging]
♪ Ow! ♪
We need gas.
Can we please get something to eat?
You're in luck. Right up here.
♪ Ooh, baby, baby ♪
♪ Baby, baby ♪
♪ Ba-baby, baby ♪
[muffled music continues]
♪ Push it good… ♪
-[Matt] All right, guys.
-Can we have some cash?
Yeah, pass me my bag.
[uneasy music playing]
-[Emily] Now, please.
-[Alice] Oh, yeah. Sorry.
We're gonna get some gas. You guys run in,
grab some snacks, all right? In and out.
Alright, look. Bring my change back.
-And some M&M's.
-Okay.
[upbeat ambient music playing]
What can I get you?
Just breakfast.
-Full English breakfast?
-Sure.
[server] Here you go. Enjoy.
Do you have anything
that'll be easier on my cholesterol?
[server] Nope. Blood pudding.
-Blood?
-[server] Yep!
-[Leo] Hmm.
-Oh my God.
I know, right?
Not that. Look at this.
[Leo] Why is my name Jeffrey Baker?
And why does it say we're from Alabama?
I can't believe this.
They got pissed at me for a fake ID
when they have fake names,
fake passports, fake everything.
Cash or card?
Uh, cash.
Here you go.
[register dings]
Wait. You can get online with that thing?
Yeah, but Mom and Dad said no Internet.
You mean Mr. and Mrs. Baker?
Just do it.
-[server] Enjoy your breakfast.
-[Leo] Thanks.
Wait. What if Mom and Dad are criminals
and we're fleeing the country?
What? No way. They're not criminals.
They're in a pickleball league.
-That doesn't mean anything.
-They watch HGTV.
Leo.
They make their own sourdough.
Ew.
So how long do you think we have?
Forty-five minutes
before facial recognition tags us
at immigration.
About an hour, hour and a half
once they scan
the cameras outside of Heathrow.
Then, if they get on the car or not,
that's another 30 minutes, tops.
So we really don't have time
to say hi to my mom.
Plenty of time to say hi to your mom.
Fine. Two minutes.
That's more than enough
to scar 'em for life.
But remember,
it may be more than Baron after us.
Look. We get the Key.
We get it to the CIA.
We get our lives back.
It's that simple.
I can't believe
we're putting them through this.
I feel like a terrible mother.
Well, it's not like
I'm the premier dad in all this.
-By the way, you're an amazing mom.
-I don't feel like an amazing mom.
And you know that they're gonna
use this against us forever.
[device chirps]
-[beeps]
-[Gor in Polish] What's going on? Tell me.
[henchman] They've pulled off the road.
-We're circling.
-[Gor] Send me a pin.
[henchman] We're gonna need backup.
Okay, got it. Sending now.
-[uneasy music playing]
-[keypad beeps]
[uneasy music continues]
[in English] How are you so certain
they're here to sell it?
'Cause I know them. I know them too well.
[cell phone ringing]
Yeah? Great. Thank you.
Petrol station three miles north. Go.
-What'd you find?
-[ambient music playing]
There is a Jeffery R. Baker.
Born in Huntsville.
Died 1952 though.
-I knew it.
-I don't think that proves anything.
Look… the best we can hope for is
that, uh, they don't notice any of this.
[chuckles] They don't pay attention
to anything I say or do, anyhow, so…
-[motorcycle engines rumble]
-[unsettling music playing]
[ominous sting]
[suspenseful music playing]
["At Last" by Etta James playing]
♪ At last… ♪
-[Leo] What the…
-[man 1 grunting]
♪ My love has come along… ♪
[shrieks]
♪ My lonely days are over… ♪
[man 3 grunts]
[gun clatters]
-♪ And life is like a song… ♪
-[yelling]
[man 3 grunts]
-♪ Oh, yeah, yeah… ♪
-[both grunt]
-Oh my…
-♪ At last… ♪
-[Leo] Should we do something?
-What are you gonna do?
[Leo] Constant negativity from you.
-♪ The skies above are blue… ♪
-[Emily grunting]
[grunts, pained groaning]
-[Matt grunts]
-♪ My heart… ♪
-Somebody call 911!
-That's not the number here.
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[both grunting]
♪ The night I looked at you… ♪
[determined yell]
-Mom!
-She's fine. It's not that bad.
[both grunting]
♪ That I could speak to ♪
♪ A dream that I can call my own ♪
♪ I found a thrill… ♪
[man 3 yells]
-♪ To press my cheek to ♪
-[pained grunting]
Kids.
♪ A thrill that I have never… ♪
-Dad.
-[Alice] What just happened?
-Let's go. You got my change?
-[Alice] No. Change?
-My M&M's?
-Why were you fighting them?
Don't worry about it.
Let's go, Alice. Come on.
-Come on, come on, come on! Go, go, go!
-[tires screech]
-Come on! Get in the car!
-No, wait! Did you see what we just saw?
Did you see what we just did?
Look, Alice, we've always taught you
to question authority,
and I love that about you
but it's time to get in the damn car.
And you're cursing? Come on.
[unsettling music playing]
-Let's go. Buckle up. Buckle up!
-[Emily] Get in!
[ominous music building]
[dramatic music playing]
-[gunfire]
-[tires screeching]
-Who was that guy? Why'd you just hit him?
-Why was he shooting at us?
-Sit back. Everything's gonna be okay.
-Are we accomplices?
[music softens]
[ominous music plays]
[Emily] That's Baron.
[tires squealing]
That's them.
Turn it around.
[sirens wailing]
[dramatic music playing]
Is that a gun?
[Alice] Dad, what the hell are you doing?
-Wrong lane, Mom!
-Alice, I know where I'm at, okay?
[Alice screams]
[metallic groaning]
[dramatic music continues]
[truck brakes screeching]
[sirens wailing]
[music softens]
[music fades]
What is going on?
Why are you trying to kill those people?
Oh, we wasn't trying to kill anybody.
'Cause if we were,
they'd be so fucking dead right now.
-Em--
-Look, everything's gonna be fine.
-Everything's gonna be fine?
-Yes.
Dad shot up a truck,
jerry-rigged a flamethrower,
and I'm pretty sure you just killed
that chick with your bare hands.
Again, I did not kill anyone.
I just rendered her unconscious.
And that is not a chick. That is a woman
that your mother almost murdered,
and you will refer to her as such.
-Just tell us who you are!
-[Matt] Okay. Easy, easy.
[Emily sighs]
[Matt sighs]
All right, listen.
-Me and your mom are… were QRN.
-What?
Quick reaction
nonofficial cover operatives for the CIA.
[tense music playing]
We were spies.
-You guys were spies?
-[Emily] Yes.
Like Jason Bourne?
-Yeah, but we remember stuff.
-Yeah.
You know, I knew
you guys were lying about something,
but I never thought
you were cool enough to be spies.
-I mean, that's not why we're cool.
-Yeah, that's not why we're cool.
-Can you beat up Connor's dad?
-Come on, man. He's vegan.
-Can you beat up Sydney's dad?
-Have you seen Sydney's dad?
Can you beat up all the dads at my school?
I can beat 'em all up.
Just not at the same time.
But we don't fight anymore, okay?
We are retired.
You didn't look retired back there.
Were those spies too?
Uh, they were… terrorists,
or maybe paid mercenaries.
Is that any better?
Terrorists have a political ideology,
and mercenaries are just,
like, a gun for hire.
Look, I know it's probably really scary,
but we will protect you. That is our job.
Well, you're crushing it so far.
We might be crushing it harder
if someone hadn't pinged our location.
You guys can't stay off the Internet
for just one hour? What's so important?
We were trying to Google
who you guys really are.
What?
Honey… we're your parents.
That's who we are.
[Matt] Yeah.
Wait a minute. You can get
on the Internet with that thing?
-I can.
-[Matt] Oh, buddy.
So smart. Let me see that.
Wow.
Ah-ha.
[intriguing music playing]
[clunky thud]
[Leo] What the…
-Video games are too violent anyway.
-Oh, video games are violent?
[uneasy music playing]
[siren blares]
[woman] He's an incredible shot.
He got lucky, Wendy.
Let's not make a big deal of it.
I heard he was good.
I just didn't realize he was that good.
Thank you.
Chechen prison ink.
The Volka?
[Baron] Mm-hmm.
Where'd you get the intel
on the petrol station?
We didn't have the kids' devices yet.
I had a wiretap running on the Volka.
They got their hands
on the Key 15 years ago.
I figured they might try again.
-That's a hell of a call.
-Thanks for noticing.
We've been tracking
the kids' socials and gaming profiles.
The boy's handheld console just pinged.
[whirring]
Just like you said, kids.
[Baron] Hmm.
Now that they've seen us, I'm not so sure.
Stay on the cameras, and get me
a satellite feed on the Land Rover.
She can't be that far away.
-[Wendy] They, guv.
-[Baron] Hmm?
They can't be that far away.
Yeah.
[uneasy music continues]
[Emily] They're gonna find that truck.
It's not gonna buy us that much time.
Yeah, so I was thinking maybe
I should, uh, do most of the talking.
You know, that way,
you guys don't get into it.
-You know?
-Mm. Yeah, no. I think that's a good idea.
That way, you can let her know
there's highly-trained assassins
on the way to her house,
and you can tell her why.
What? [sighs]
[intriguing music playing]
-[music fades]
-[Matt] Alright, kids. Wake up.
Leo. Alice. We're here.
Wait. This is Grandma's house?
Yep. This is where I grew up.
[softly] Where I couldn't wait
to get away from.
Whoa. Are you, like, royalty or something?
-Are we?
-[Emily laughs] No.
No.
No, uh, your grandmother had
some pretty shady side hustles
back in the 1970s, so…
Em.
-What?
-Come on. You gotta put in the code.
[keypad beeping]
[gate buzzes]
-[gates clunk, squeal]
-[intriguing music playing]
All right, kids. Let's meet Granny.
[exhales sharply]
Wow. Grandma's house is sick.
-Why would you ever wanna leave here?
-[gunshot]
-[all gasp]
-[Emily sighs]
-[Emily] Oh.
-[Matt] Oh man.
That's why.
-Hey.
-[grandmother] Oh.
It's you.
Well, hello, Mother.
Still killing shit, huh?
Don't test me, dear.
I'm still a damn good shot.
These are your grandkids.
Please don't shoot them.
Oh. They are so much bigger
than they are in their pictures.
Pictures?
Yes. Matthew sent me some photographs.
-[Emily] Did he?
-[grandmother] Hello, dear.
How you doing?
I sent her a few photos,
routed through different countries
so they couldn't be traced.
So Grandma could see
her grandkids grow up,
because children grow in pictures.
You know? She didn't post them.
So should we hug or something?
No! No.
No, I… I… I'm British. We don't hug.
-But you can pick up that dead bird.
-Pick up the bird. She got a gun.
I have no idea
to what I owe this pleasure,
but come on in.
[Leo] Oh…
[sighs] It's okay.
Oh…
-Drop it.
-[Leo] Okay.
[grandmother] Emily,
you do remember your home?
-[Emily] How could I forget?
-[Leo] This is awesome.
[classical music playing]
-Don't go in there.
-Oh.
[grandmother] Don't touch anything.
Wow. This place is like Fort Knox.
[grandmother] Do your children
normally sniff around like this?
-[Emily] They're just curious, Mother.
-Are they truffle pigs?
All right, what can I get for everyone?
[Matt] Ginny, that's very kind of you,
but we gotta grab something quick
and head on out.
Maybe we can set up a hang time,
you know, sometime soon.
[Ginny] Oh, nonsense. You're here now.
-It's a little early for drinks, Ginny.
-Ah, that pious self-righteousness.
She was always destined to be American.
Still talking about me as if I'm not here.
Oh, I'm sorry, dear. It's a habit I formed
because you never are here.
-For you. Mescal with a twist of orange.
-Mm.
-Am I right?
-I… I don't know how she even knew that.
-[Emily] Mm.
-And how about you, dear?
-Do you drink gin yet?
-Um…
She's kidding. It's just a joke.
[man] Sweat monster incoming! Oh!
-Ginny Pig, dear!
-"Ginny Pig"?
Have you seen any of my pomegranate
energy drinks? I'm gasping.
Oh. Four new people. [chuckles]
Hello. Friend or foe?
[chuckles]
He's just my Nigel.
-Oh. Hello.
-Hello, darling.
-I missed you.
-[Nigel] God.
[both kissing, moaning]
[Ginny moans softly]
-[Nigel] Wow. Mm. Oh my word!
-[Ginny giggles] Oh.
Oh God. I just saw tongue.
-[Ginny exhales deeply]
-Wow. [chuckles]
Sorry about that. And sorry about this.
I… I… I wasn't expecting, um, company.
I wasn't expecting that.
-I was, um, training. Mid-sesh. [chuckles]
-For what?
For whenever this one
deems me ready for MI6.
I'm sort of her special little project.
[Ginny chuckles]
-Big N.
-Mm?
-This is my daughter, Emily.
-No. No, it's not.
[Ginny] Yes, Emily.
Emzo.
And her husband,
the very handsome Matthew.
-Matty. Yes. Like I hadn't noticed.
-Yes, and their children.
That's Alice and Leo.
-Wow. I love kids.
-[Ginny] Yes, he does.
It's… it's your innocence.
Your sense of wonder.
Now let me just plop this on the table
like a hot jelly on Christmas morning.
[sighs] Would you like
to call me Granddad?
What? No.
Yes. Well… okay. It's complex, right?
Look, I… I hope for you two
to not see me so much as a father figure.
-Say what?
-Because what I really want…
[sighs] …Matty, Emzo,
is for you to see me as a friend.
Not likely.
So is it yes or no on the gin?
[Emily] It's a no.
They are 14 and 12.
-They drink water or orange juice.
-Yeah… [sputters]
Look. Why don't we just cut to the chase?
We have a lot we need to get done. Nigel.
Ah?
Could you show the kids around?
The grandkids?
Oh, help them out. Yeah, sure.
-Granddad duties, Ginny P.
-[moans]
[Nigel] Okay, do you guys
happen to like incredible stuff?
Wanna come to my cool office?
-Yeah.
-Come on.
-[sirens wailing]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[distant sirens wailing]
-[Baron] Come on, let's have it.
-[officer] Here you go, sir.
[Baron] "It's not your accent.
It's your personality."
-Matt, you're so predictable.
-[keypad beeping]
God, she must be bored out of her mind.
Thank you.
-What?
-[Wendy] It's the Key.
We're hearing chatter from multiple
channels that it's definitely in play.
What about the car?
Satellites were able
to track the Land Rover to here.
But we lost them under cloud cover
ten minutes ago.
Great.
Best guess, they're somewhere
in this five-mile radius.
This is an old munitions factory.
This is a horse farm.
-This is a racetrack.
-What's this?
[device beeps, whirs]
I don't know. Uh…
Land is registered
to an offshore non-profit
headquartered in the Isle of Man.
-"Foxhunter Ltd."
-"Foxhunter"?
Why do I know that name?
Ginny Curtis.
Well, she's an MI6 girlboss legend.
[Matt] Listen, Ginny.
When Emily and I went to ground…
I took something very valuable.
If you don't have leverage,
make it. Cheers.
-[glasses clink]
-[Ginny] I knew I liked him.
[Emily] Wait till you hear the next part.
As you can see,
there's nothing cool in here at all.
-[chuckles]
-This is your office? What do you do?
What don't I do?
That's what you should be asking.
-[chuckles]
-But what do you do for, like, work?
Like, what's your job?
Uh, so this is where I keep my equipment,
if you wanna call it that. [laughs]
You name it, I've mastered it.
We've got sais. We've got nunchucks.
We've got a baton.
That's my lower back. Um…
We've got throwing stars,
which I'm getting pretty good at.
[scoffs] That's a wall.
And I hit so many things.
-[Leo] Let me try.
-Okay, yeah, careful. Very sharp.
Sure, go for it, but I'm not sure
it's gonna do much. [chuckles]
Be careful with my star.
-[Leo] Uh… Oh.
-Per-- Yeah.
I've not yet managed to do that.
That's… something.
[chuckles] God.
Would you like to have a go?
-I'm actually gonna go… find the bathroom.
-[metallic clang]
Sure. Why should the star
need another star?
[laughs] You're already a star.
To wrap it up,
we've got black-light cigarettes,
we've got a laser watch,
and we've got a bulletproof umbrella.
A bulletproof umbrella?
If you're gonna be a spy, you… you…
you really have to be prepared
for absolutely anything.
-Is that what the health tracker's for?
-Ah.
No. This, uh…
this monitors my, uh, sleeping patterns.
Your grandma has a habit of keeping me up
all night… [chuckles] …with her snoring.
Oh, look. You've got one too.
Twinsies. [laughs]
Here's the thing, Ginny.
I, uh…
I hid it here.
-I assume others are looking for it.
-[Matt breathes deeply]
Yeah.
[Ginny] So, after all this time,
you've dragged your problems
to my doorstep.
It's not always about you.
That's because, in my experience,
it's always been about you.
I have tried my entire life
not to be like you.
To be the mother that you never were.
Loving, stable… nurturing.
-Overbearing.
-No! God!
Present.
Present in my child's life.
-How's that working out for you?
-Actually, it's working out really good.
Now, I'm glad we got that settled,
because we, uh--
That's what I thought.
Your daughter hates you.
You gave up everything for her,
and she still hates you.
Okay. You know what? I could…
I could live with why Alice hates me.
I could. But can you live with
why I hate you?
Hate is such a strong word.
-We could probably find a…
-Whatever.
I did something that you could never do.
I chose my family over my career.
But we ended up
in the same place, didn't we?
Doesn't matter
what kind of mother you are.
Teenage girls rebel. I did it to mine.
You did it to me.
Yours is doing it to you.
All you can hope for
is that you raised them well enough
that they can take care of themselves
and that one day, they'll come back.
Why would I ever wanna come back?
You convinced yourself
that I callously shipped you off
to boarding school in America
to make my life easier.
Well, you have conveniently forgotten
that you begged me to go.
Now… I would like to spend
a few moments with my grandchildren.
I'm guessing that I won't have
many chances after this, will I?
[tense music playing]
[Emily sighs]
[tense music continues]
Hey, guv. I'm not following.
What's the connection?
[device beeps]
[indistinct chatter over police radio]
I'm not sure. Split up into three teams
and check out those locations.
I'll pay Ms. Curtis a visit
when I clear it with SIS.
Do we really need to wait
for authorization?
Yes, Wendy. I'm not gonna storm her house
and risk ruining my career without it.
[tense music continues]
[phone keypad beeps]
Yeah, I think I've got something.
I'm sending it to you now.
[music fades]
Can you believe that woman?
Blaming me for wanting to leave?
Yeah. Yeah, your mom is a piece of work,
but she's still your mom.
[both panting]
[Emily] Here?
Come on.
[Emily sighs]
[wistful music playing]
We took that just before she left
for boarding school in America.
I just love the way she's smiling.
Though, now I realize it was really
because she was so happy to be on her own.
But, you know, as a teenager,
she never really seemed
to want to be part of my life.
Though
I really wasn't part of hers, was I?
I dedicated my life to the service.
That didn't leave
much time for her, did it?
I don't ha… hate my mom.
Oh, I know you don't, dear.
And I don't think she really hated me.
-She said you were dead.
-[chuckles]
Well… I was far from perfect.
Would you care for some tea, dear?
Like boba?
What?
Sorry, I don't drink tea.
You don't drink tea? And no gin?
And Emily thinks I'm a bad mother? Ha!
Well, we're gonna fix all that.
Come on.
[dramatic music plays]
-[buzzing]
-[rapid high-pitched beeping]
[music abates]
[music resumes]
-[man 1] Move!
-[man 2] Go, go, go!
[music fades out]
-Do you code?
-Code?
[scoffs] Yeah, I code.
Yeah. I love all that stuff.
AR, VR, R&R, QR codes. All the R's. Yeah.
You gotta be pretty tech-savvy
if you wanna get into MI6 these days.
You gotta be James Bond and Q,
all in one package.
You'd get in, no problem. [laughs]
You'd be a prime candidate.
What do you mean?
Your parents are spies.
It's… it's in your blood.
But I'm nothing like them.
Let's try something. I'm gonna run at you.
-What?
-Yeah, I'm gonna run at you, okay?
Do the first thing
that comes into your head.
I'm not gonna hurt you. [chuckles]
I do this sorta stuff all the time.
It's standard agency training.
Okay? Three, two, one. [yells]
No, no, please. [grunts]
[Nigel wheezing]
[winded gasp]
-[Leo] Oh my God.
-[gasps]
I'm so sorry.
-I didn't know I could do that.
-[wheezily] It's okay.
You've got tiny fists.
I'm used to big fists.
-It sort of slipped through my ribs.
-I'm so-- I… I didn't mean it. Uh…
[grunts]
No, no, no. It's…
I'm trained to take a punch. Chill.
How many push-ups can you do?
[hesitantly] Um… 15?
Fifteen?
Okay. First to four.
[suspenseful music playing]
It's this way. Come on.
Come on.
[straining]
Is it there?
What's this?
This is for me, and that's for you.
[poignant music plays]
"Dear Emily, if you're reading this,
it means we're in some kinda danger,
and it's most likely my fault."
"I'm sorry."
"I was only trying to keep you and
that angel growing inside of you safe."
"Please never leave me,
because I'd be useless without you."
"Like, it would be sad."
You always say the right things.
[Matt scoffs]
Why did you really hide it here?
I knew we were in danger,
and I knew you were pregnant.
And I knew that if we needed this,
then we'd need Ginny too.
Yeah.
[helicopter flying overhead]
-[dramatic music playing]
-Come on.
[helicopter blades whirring]
[Matt] This way.
Side door by the kitchen.
[tense music plays]
[muffled grunting]
[both grunting]
[Matt] It's okay.
[kids yelling faintly in distance]
[Ginny grunting pointedly]
-[kids yelling]
-[Matt] That way. Come on.
[music fades]
[Nigel gasping, sighs]
[both moaning]
-[man 1] Freeze! Hands up!
-[man 2] Don't move! Freeze!
-Where's our kids?
-[man 3] Living room. Move!
[dramatic music playing]
[Nigel whimpers]
-[guns cock]
-[man 4] Back up.
You back up.
-Are you okay?
-[muffled grunt]
-[soft grunt]
-[gun cocks]
Look. We have what you're looking for.
[breathes anxiously]
Yeah. Here's the Key.
Alright? It's right here.
Let the kids go
and we can work something out.
Baron! Get out here!
Oh, guys.
Chuck.
[Chuck] Sorry to disappoint you.
I kinda hoped
that I'd trained you better than that.
[tense music plays]
Hey, kiddos. Cat got your tongue?
Emily, Matt.
What is this?
-Well, good to see ya.
-But, Chuck, we saw you get shot. It was--
That was all me. I just figured you needed
some motivation to lead me to it.
You and Baron
are in on this together, huh?
Oh, no, no. He's clean as a whistle.
We just needed to make sure
you didn't go crying to your old unit,
so we dirtied him up a bit.
Baron's been tracking Gor and the Volka,
not working with 'em.
And… and as far as the men who shot me?
Say hello, fellas.
You know, it's amazing
what they can do with squibs these days.
[Matt, echoing] Chuck!
[gunfire]
[tires squealing]
[dramatic music plays]
Uh, by the way…
I'll take the Key.
Please.
-You're playing with our kids, Chuck.
-[Emily sighs]
[Chuck] It's time to let it go, Matt.
[music fades]
[dramatic music plays]
[man 5] Clear.
[indistinct chatter over radio]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[typing]
[beep]
[data whirring]
[typing]
[electronic whirring]
What happened to you?
What happened to me?
You two happened to me.
What does that mean?
Hmm? How's this our fault?
[computer beeping, whirring]
[sharp beep, warbling]
[trills]
Well, let's see, Matt.
Two of my best agents
get abducted on their extraction flight.
They're presumed dead.
The Key, presumed lost.
The agency hung that on me.
I… I was put out to pasture.
Within a year, I lost my job.
I lost my pension, my house,
my marriage, my dog!
All because of you two.
-[silenced shot]
-[grunts]
[Nigel gasps]
[grunts]
[panicked gasping]
So this is about revenge?
No. No, it's about money.
The revenge part is just the added bonus.
[groans, grunts]
[man 6 grunting]
Whoa! [grunts]
-[yelling]
-[clang]
-[sizzling]
-[man 6 screams in agony]
[grunting]
[Nigel shrieks]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music building]
[man 6 grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[both grunting]
-[groans]
-[yells, groans]
[muffled yell]
-Give us our kids, Chuck!
-Here's how this is gonna go.
-We are gonna back out of here.
-Not gon' get away with this.
-Are you sure you wanna interrupt me?
-Let 'em go!
As long as you two don't interfere,
this time tomorrow,
these two will be returned safe and sound.
It's okay, baby.
Please don't call the authorities.
Hostage situations
usually don't turn out well.
-Chuck!
-[men grunt]
-[dramatic music continues]
-[helicopter blades whirring]
[music fades]
[Ginny, echoing] Slowly. Come on.
[man groans]
[grunts]
Ah, you're back.
-[tense music playing]
-[groans softly]
Alice! Leo!
We have to track the helicopter.
-Did anybody get the tail number?
-No, too far away.
-The security cameras.
-Brilliant. Over here.
[tense music continues]
Go back to where the chopper lands.
See what we got there.
[typing]
[video whirring]
[Nigel winces] Ah.
Is he okay?
-Fine. Yeah.
-Wait a minute.
-Go back to the kids.
-Okay.
Stop. Right there. Zoom in.
-See that?
-[Emily] Wait. He's showing us something.
The thumb ring.
He's wearing his thumb ring.
-Exactly.
-His what?
-Fitness tracker he wears on his thumb.
-It has GPS.
Where's your computer?
Okay, I'm logged into his account.
Two-factor authentication?
[chuckles] Please.
Longitude, latitude?
51.5076 degrees north
by .0994 degrees west.
[computer beeping]
[trills]
-Tate Modern.
-[Emily, softly] London.
[typing]
[beeping]
It says here that it's closed tonight
for a black-tie event.
Nigel, you don't own a tux, do you?
Of course. Any good agent would.
[thrilling, dramatic music playing]
[music softens]
You can't park here.
You're not on the manifest.
Oh no, we're on the manifest.
-[guard grunting]
-[Chuck] I'll take that.
[tense music playing]
Should've known. Chuck's smart.
-[scanner warbling]
-[Matt] Tight security.
-Metal detectors, high-profile event.
-No one's getting out of line.
We're gonna find 'em, alright?
-Let's go get 'em.
-Alright. Come on.
[tense music continues]
[computer beeping, whirring]
No, Gor, I can't wait.
I don't care if you only had two hours.
I told you it'd be in London
and it'd be tonight.
And by the way, four of your competitors
dropped everything to be here,
so clearly, you didn't want it enough.
[in Polish] That bastard.
[sighs]
He's selling it tonight.
Get there… now!
[motorcycle engines rumbling, revving]
[revving]
[tires squealing]
[in English] Thank you for coming
on such short notice, but… trust me,
you're gonna be glad you did.
This way.
-[dance music playing]
-[indistinct chattering]
[Emily sighs]
-What does it say?
-They're supposed to be right here.
[beeping]
-[beeping, whirring]
-[uneasy music playing]
[Chuck] Daphne, how we looking?
All set.
[Chuck] Ladies and gentlemen,
I promised you a show,
and I'd like to make this
as efficient as possible.
If you'd just look out
across the city, please.
I'd like to give you a sense
of what's possible. Now, Daphne.
Copy.
-[beep]
-[ominous stab]
[descending whoosh]
[Chuck] Step two, Daphne.
-[uneasy music continues]
-[beeping]
[computer chirping]
And ours.
[typing]
[trills, beeping]
-[alarm blaring]
-[all gasp]
-[dance music stops]
-[attendees gasping]
[alarm blaring]
-He's showing a demo of the key.
-So he'd wanna have the best view.
[Chuck] Daphne, turn 'em all back on.
[ascending whir]
[clang]
[attendees gasp]
[phone beeping]
They should be right here.
If they're not right here,
they have to be either below us or above.
[elevator dings]
-Wait a minute.
-[Emily] What?
Those are Chuck's guys. Come on.
[tense, dramatic music playing]
[music softens]
-[elevator dings]
-[automated voice] Doors closing.
But I'm not just talking
about a light show.
The Thames River Barrier, Daphne.
Take it over.
[beeping]
[music intensifies]
[electronic whirring]
-[beeping]
-[ominous thud]
That out there stops the Atlantic Ocean
from flooding this great city.
And we now have the power
to turn it off or turn it on.
Whenever we want.
Why don't we open the barrier, Daphne?
[suspenseful music building]
[dramatic music playing]
[barrier clanks, droning]
[alarm blaring]
Sir, you need to see this.
-[elevator dings]
-[automated voice] Doors opening.
[dramatic music continues]
[music fades]
-You should let us through.
-[chuckles] And what if we don't?
[man grunts]
["Papa's Got a Brand New Bag" playing]
♪ Come here, sister… ♪
[grunting]
♪ Papa's in the swing… ♪
What I'm offering tonight,
it's not just a hard drive
or a set of zeros and ones.
What I'm selling is power.
And if that's what you're into…
-[music halts]
-…the Key unlocks it all.
[music resumes]
♪ Come here, mama… ♪
-[Emily grunts]
-[groans]
♪ And dig this crazy scene ♪
♪ He's not too fancy… ♪
-[Matt] Em!
-♪ But his line is pretty clean… ♪
[Emily grunts]
♪ He ain't no drag… ♪
I'm gonna start the bidding at…
well, what I believe to be
a very reasonable number.
150 million.
♪ It's the Jerk ♪
♪ He's doing the Fly ♪
♪ Don't play him cheap
'Cause you know he ain't shy… ♪
-[both grunt]
-♪ He's doing the Monkey ♪
♪ The Mashed Potato ♪
♪ Jump back, Jack
See you later, alligator ♪
♪ Come here, sister ♪
-♪ Papa's in the swing… ♪
-[pained grunting]
♪ He ain't too hip now… ♪
Do I hear $200 million?
Two hundred… and fifty.
-250 million?
-Yes.
[woman sighs]
Well, we have a winner.
$250 million to Mr. Ivanov.
And let me tell you, knowing this guy,
if you have any family in Paris,
I'd tell 'em to pack… quickly.
-[Baron] Where do you think you're going?
-♪ Hey! ♪
[music ends]
-Baron.
-[tense music plays]
How'd you find us?
We're MI6, Matt.
You're two international fugitives.
-It's my job.
-Then you know they've got our kids.
I also know you thought
I was a double agent, Emily.
Listen, you can arrest us later.
Just let us get to our family.
[chuckles]
I'm not gonna arrest you now that I know
that you weren't here to sell the key.
[tender music plays]
Come along.
[suspenseful music building]
[agent 2] Hands up!
-You, stay right there!
-[buyers clamor]
-[man grunts, groans]
-[dramatic music plays]
-[Emily] Chuck!
-[agent 2] Cover that door!
-[Matt] Chuck, where'd our kids go?
-[agent 3] Get down!
[grunting]
-[groans]
-[Wendy grunts]
[sighs]
-Well done.
-Thanks for noticing.
Well, don't let it get to your head.
Find the Key.
[Matt] Chuck!
[Chuck] Team two, get the kids
to the boat right now.
Come on.
-[dramatic music continues]
-[indistinct chattering]
[Alice] Get off of me!
Let go of me! Let go!
[pedestrian] Hey!
[motorcycle tires screeching]
[gun cocks]
-[music fades]
-[Alice] Where are we going? Get off me!
-Come on, let's go. Hurry 'em up.
-[Alice and Leo yelp, whimper]
-[boat motor starts]
-[Chuck] Sit.
Gor wants the Key.
We don't have it.
[suspenseful music building]
[heroic music plays]
I wouldn't move if I was you.
She's still a damn good shot.
[music fades]
[tender music plays]
[tires skid]
[engines revving]
[tires squealing]
[in Polish] They've got our bikes.
They're headed east.
[engines rev]
[dramatic music playing]
[in English] They're headed
to the north bank.
I'll take that side.
[Matt] Look out! Coming through!
[people gasp, scream]
-[man 2] Come on!
-[tires squealing]
[dramatic music continues]
-[tires screech]
-[man 3 shouts]
-[both grunt, groan]
-[gasps]
[car horn honks]
[grunts]
Daphne, meet me at the rendezvous point,
and bring the Key.
[Daphne] On it.
[beeping]
[tense music building]
[dramatic music resumes]
[tires squeal]
[rider grunts]
[groans]
-[Matt] Look out! Look out!
-[woman yells]
[Emily] Chuck opened the barrier.
Once he's in open water, he's gone,
and he's got no use for the kids!
-We gotta get on that boat!
-[tires screech]
[tense music plays]
The room's empty. No sign of the key.
And Chuck's on the Thames, headed east.
[buzzing]
-Oh no.
-What?
The barrier's open.
I'll call the MPU, get boats in the water.
You, Wendy, get that barrier closed.
[dramatic music resumes]
[tires screech]
[engine revs]
[boat motor rumbling]
[man 4] Come on. Fancy joining us for a--
-Hey, guys, can you hold this?
-[chuckles]
[man 5] Hey! Wait!
[Emily] Okay, I got a boat.
What's your 20?
Em, eleven o'clock.
South side.
Come down. I'll grab you.
[music intensifying]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
-[tense music plays]
-They can't close the barrier.
Some sort of system override.
-[radio beeps]
-Where the hell is this key, Wendy?
[music fades]
Oof!
Aah!
[sighs]
-[Nigel] Hi, Ginny Pig.
-Hey.
Yeah, I just wanted to see
wh-- wh-- where you needed me.
Because I am… I'm ready.
I'm… I'm ready for anything.
Nige, stay right there. Just for now.
But-- No, but I--
-[disconnect tone]
-Oh.
-[hurried footsteps]
-[intriguing music playing]
[van beeps]
[music fades]
Whoa.
[suspenseful music building]
[van engine starts]
[music intensifies]
-[Daphne grunts]
-[tires squealing]
-[music fades]
-[Nigel yelling]
I can't believe that happened!
[wailing]
[shrieks]
Oh! Oh boy!
That looks terrifying!
It's quite cool.
That whole thing was quite cool, really.
So sorry.
Oh God. Are you okay?
You didn't film any of it?
No, of course you didn't film it.
Oh, she's passed out.
[suspenseful music building]
[Nigel] Oh my God, yes!
-Oh!
-[dramatic music playing]
-[music fades]
-[Nigel grunting]
-Alright.
-[electronic whirring]
-[cell phone beeps]
-Ginny Pig.
-I have the Key.
-Nige, you are smashing it.
[disconnect tone]
Nigel has the Key.
Repeat, Nigel has the Key.
Tell Nigel to close the barrier now!
[dramatic music continues]
[Ginny] Nige, close the barrier.
Yes! You got it.
-I can do that. I can do that.
-[typing]
[Ginny] Brilliant.
Just what you've been studying.
I don't think I got up to this chapter.
Crap, crap, crap. Sorry I headbutted you.
Okay, so, uh…
-[Ginny] Be a good agent, Nige.
-Right. Delete, delete, delete, delete.
[bonging]
Yeah, that's not doing anything.
Uh, control. That's it. Control Z.
-[bonging]
-Again, nothing. One second.
Excuse me, hello. Sorry.
Could you wake up for one second
and give me a hand with this?
You can't do that.
Of course you can't do that.
[dramatic music continues]
Mom!
Don't just stand there!
-[Emily yells]
-[man 6 grunting]
Oh God.
[both grunting]
Can you guys please help each other?
Okay?
-[man 6 growls]
-[Emily grunts]
Hey!
[man 7] Come here!
[kids screaming]
[Matt grunts]
[man 6 grunting]
Get off of me! Get off!
[Leo yells]
[man 7 groans]
-[kids grunt]
-[man 7 groans]
[man 8 yells]
[boat revving]
Life jackets!
[music intensifies]
-Ah!
-[man 6 screams]
Tell Nigel to close the barrier now!
-[music fades]
-[Ginny] Nigel, close the barrier.
-[phone beeps]
-Hey, Siri, can you tell me how--
No, Nigel, do it now!
Yes, Ginny Pig. Sorry. I am so sorry.
I'm just… One thing at a time.
I'm trying. I am trying!
How?
Please. Please!
-[grunts]
-[distorted buzzing]
Oh! What?
Oh, that's lovely, actually.
Holy hell, it's happening. [chuckles]
-Okay.
-[beep]
-[Nigel] Ooh…
-[beeping]
I hope this doesn't flood London.
-[whimpers]
-[music halts]
[barrier clanks, whirs]
[mechanism groans]
[dramatic music resumes]
[computers beeping]
[indistinct chatter]
[music softens]
-[tense music plays]
-[soft beeping]
-[music halts]
-Did I do it?
[dramatic music resumes]
Come on, let's go!
Go, go, go! Go, go, go, go!
[both grunting]
-[Alice] Mom.
-Do you trust me?
I trust you.
[screams] Mom!
No need, Mom. I got this.
[Leo yells]
Leo! Leo!
[Leo] Yeah?
[Alice] Are you okay?
-I'm here to save you.
-What?
[both grunting]
[Emily] Matt!
-[grunts]
-[Chuck groans]
Get his ass!
You're right, Chuck.
Hostage situations don't end well.
-[grunts]
-[music intensifies]
[barrier alarm blares]
[gasps, grunts]
-[music crescendoes]
-[yelps]
[music ends]
[computer beeping]
I did it.
I did it!
I did do it!
[exuberantly] Did you see me?
No one's here to celebrate!
But it doesn't matter!
That is how we do it
in MI6…'s training program.
-[triumphant music playing]
-[wailing sirens approaching]
-[dramatic music plays]
-[helicopter blades whirring]
[music fades]
[sirens fade]
[Emily chuckles] Oh, I'm so happy.
Listen, what you did today was incredible.
-Really?
-[Matt] Yeah!
The fire extinguisher.
The… the thumb ring.
I mean, just so smart.
I cannot believe
I thought you was gonna be shook.
What?
-You thought I was gonna be shook?
-No. Never.
Never. Never that.
Matter of fact, when we get back,
all we're gonna do
is play video games all day.
-And I'm not letting you out the house.
-But I can tell Connor about it, right?
You can't tell Connor shit.
We're gonna tell them
that you guys had mono.
[heartwarming music playing]
[Emily] Oh gosh.
I'm sorry I'm squeezing you so tight.
I'm just so happy that you're safe.
It's fine. I like it.
[both chuckle]
-Glad they worked that out.
-Right?
Good Lord. That's a lot of hugging.
You've certainly been in America
for too long.
[Ginny gasps]
[softly] Mm.
[Ginny chuckles]
[sniffles]
Come on.
Just so you know, it was, um, me
who closed the barrier, so…
Great job, man.
[light, intriguing music playing]
-[giggles]
-[Emily chuckles]
[sighs]
Well, just promise me
that we will never do that again, okay?
I promise you,
we will never do that again.
No, we will never do that again.
[Matt] I hate to say it, but I think
we can make it back for the big game.
[music fades]
[disquieting music plays]
[music drowns out background]
-[buttons clacking]
-[faint zapping on video game]
[suspenseful music plays]
[breathing nervously] Okay.
You know, if she makes this, we win.
Stop. You're making it worse.
I'm sorry, Coach. Know what?
I'm not gonna watch. I can't look at this.
Okay, deep breaths.
-Deep Dragon breaths.
-[yells] Deep Dragon breaths!
[Matt rasps]
Don't worry, dear.
When the women in this family shoot,
we never miss.
She's fearless. Just like her grandmother.
[whistle blows]
[tense music building]
-[crowd cheers]
-[Alice squeals] Yes!
-Whoo! Yeah!
-Oh! [chuckles]
[triumphant music playing]
[giggling] Whoo!
[all cheering]
-Yes, yes, yes! Whoo!
-[Ginny exclaiming indistinctly]
-[music halts]
-No. Still British, darling.
-[music resumes]
-That's my baby that did that!
-[Alice] Yes!
-[Matt yelling]
-[Emily squealing excitedly]
-[Ginny grunting]
-You did that!
-[Alice] I did it!
-[Matt] Whoo! Oh!
-[Emily] Oh!
[laughter, cheering]
[whooping]
Back off, Mustache. Stay away.
There you go.
Back there. There you go!
[cheering continues]
Well, it sure has been fun
having you guys.
-But when did you say you were going home?
-Who said we're going home?
-Oh, Mom.
-[Emily] Yeah, honey?
Um, do you think I can go to Annalise's
to study for a little bit?
You know what, honey?
You don't have to lie to me.
If you wanna celebrate with your friends,
you should go do that, okay?
Uh, no, I actually have to study.
Leo and I missed, like, a lot of school.
Right. Of course.
Oh, and if you're free Monday,
maybe we can watch a movie, if you want?
-[tender music plays]
-[chuckles softly]
Um…
Yeah, sure. I mean… [chuckles]
…if that's what you wanna do,
I'm available. [chuckles]
Okay. Cool.
-You guys ready?
-[James] Yeah.
-Okay.
-Have fun, guys.
[Alice] Bye.
[Emily sighs]
-[tender music stirs]
-[chuckles]
-You can cry. She's gone.
-[whispers] I'm not crying.
You are crying, dear.
And it's lovely.
Oh.
I've started a file
on this Annalise character.
-Good.
-If that is even her real name.
-[Matt] Good.
-No!
-No.
-That's not what we're doing here.
-That's not what we doing.
If you want me to keep tabs on her
and the mustachioed one from the shadows…
black-ops style…
Gotta protect my granddaughter
at all costs.
She is not your granddaughter.
-Okay?
-Yeah.
Yeah, we trust her,
so we don't have to track her friends.
Uh…
Why don't you two go
and take some time for yourselves?
-Really?
-[Ginny] Mm-hmm.
Yes, I… I can take care of Leo.
Get in a little training sesh.
Teach him about the rigors of the SIS…
-IT department.
-Well…
Take the night.
Thanks.
First night without the kids
in a long time.
-[chuckles] You know what that means.
-Mm.
-Sleep.
-Sleep. Yeah.
-[laughs] Can't wait!
-Hey, listen. Our daughter killed it.
-[Emily] Well…
-I mean, big win, big win, big win.
-Big win.
-[sighs]
-I'm so proud of you.
-Come on, baby.
Oh Christ, no.
-[intriguing music plays]
-Baron, what the hell?
What, I can't swing by
and say hi to an old friend?
-No!
You taking care of her, Matt?
Most definitely.
Been married for 15 years.
-That's not the question I asked.
-Two kids, Baron.
-Two kids, buddy.
-Emily? You happy, Emily?
-Uh, yeah, we're good, okay?
-Come on, man.
Well, I… I… I was joking anyway.
You can't take a joke.
-Okay.
-All right.
-This is work.
-We're not going back to work, Baron.
-That was a one-time, unplanned deal.
-I wouldn't be here if it weren't serious.
Thanks for dropping by,
but this could've been an email.
The point is, we didn't find Chuck's body.
I'm gonna need the two of you.
Well… [hesitates] …Matt, no, not so much.
But you, Emily, I'm gonna need you
to recruit a member of your family.
Well, my mom
would be thrilled to join you.
-So you can just have a conversation--
-It's not your mom.
[music builds]
Oh.
-[music halts]
-It's your dad.
Your dad?
Yeah. Did I not tell you about him?
♪ Salt-n-Pepa's here, and we're in effect
Want you to push it back ♪
♪ Cooling by day, then at night
Workin' up a sweat ♪
♪ Come on, girls
Let's go show the guys that we know ♪
♪ How to become number one
In a hot party show ♪
♪ Now push it ♪
♪ Ah, push it ♪
♪ Push it good ♪
♪ Push it real good ♪
♪ Ah, push it ♪
♪ Push it good ♪
♪ P-push it real good… ♪
[motorcycle engine revving]
[glass shattering]
♪ Ow! ♪
♪ Push it good… ♪
[shotgun cocking]
♪ Ooh, baby, baby ♪
♪ Baby, baby ♪
♪ Ba-baby, baby ♪
-♪ Push it good… ♪
-[gunshot]
♪ Push it real good ♪
♪ Ah, push it ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Pu-pu-pu-push it, push it ♪
["Push It!" fades]
[intriguing music playing]
[music fades]
[tense music playing]
[light, intriguing music playing]
[music fades]
[uneasy, dramatic music playing]
[unsettling music playing]
[music fades]
[tense music building]
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
[adventurous music playing]
[music fades out]